Goals : Students output must align to the international agenda of the United Nations, the 2030  Sustainable Development Goals,
all of the outputs must be in accordance with the 17 SDGs in order to curate outputs and contribute to the open source development community.
Where it clearly state the goal of an app and how it contributes to the SDGs.		

Roles : You are a mobile/web app developer.

Audience : Community 

Situation : The app addresses how the community on a village will do once they need a garbage truck to go to their homes
especially when needed so that they will not put their trash bags out of their homes resulting to straydogs biting the trash bags and in shambles on the streets.

"Products/Performance/Output: Students create application proposals that are not only technically sound but also socially responsible,
ethically aligned, and impactful in addressing global challenges. In combination with the 17 SDGs, where you provide innovation to
various disciplines not just limited to the filed of computing and information technology.

Application Proposal : Smart Waste Pickup

Provide a concise summary of your proposal, including:
1. Objective: 
This is to provide an on-demand waste collection system for villages and this is to improve sanitation and waste management. 
2. Key SDGs Targeted:
SDG 11 - Sustainable Cities and Communities to have improved waste management systems.
SDG 3 - Good Health and Well-being for cleaner environment, less disease risk.
SDG 9 - Industry, Innovation, and Infrastructure for the smart waste management technology.
3. Key feautures:
On-Demand Waste Pickup: Residents request garbage collection via a mobile app.
Smart Scheduling: Optimized routes for garbage trucks to save fuel and time. 
GPS Tracking: Monitor waste trucks and estimated arrival times.
Feedback System: Residents can rate and report issues with waste collection.
4. Technical Architecture:
5. Research and Evidence:
Link Source is : https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC9622352/.
Literature Review : Circular Economy in Waste Management: Implementing circular economy principles can help achieve SDGs by reducing waste generation and promoting recycling infrastructure2.
External Reference :  Circular Economy Approach in Solid Waste Management
This supports the development of the application and its alignment with SDGs including;
SDG 11 - Sustainable Cities and Communities to have improved waste management systems. 
SDG 3 - Good Health and Well-being for cleaner environment, less disease risk.
SDG 9 - Industry, Innovation, and Infrastructure for the smart waste management technology.
